[MKC-1141] Firmware Uploader tutorial update (#1328)
arduino/docs-content: content/software/ide-v2/tutorials/ide-v2-fw-cert-uploader/ide-v2-fw-cert-uploader.md

- [Nano RP2040 Connect](https://store.arduino.cc/nano-rp2040-connect)
- [MKR WiFi 1010](https://store.arduino.cc/arduino-mkr-wifi-1010)
- [Nano 33 IoT](https://store.arduino.cc/arduino-nano-33-iot)
- [MKR Vidor 4000](https://store.arduino.cc/arduino-mkr-vidor-4000) /*

The following boards are based on the [ATWINC1500](https://www.microchip.com/en-us/product/ATWINC1500) module.

- [MKR 1000 WiFi](https://store.arduino.cc/arduino-mkr1000-wifi) /*
- [WiFi Shield 101](https://docs.arduino.cc/retired/shields/arduino-wifi-shield-101)

> /* As of [Arduino IDE 2.2.0](https://github.com/arduino/arduino-ide/releases/tag/2.2.0) this board is no longer supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* As of [Arduino IDE 2.2.0](https://github.com/arduino/arduino-ide/releases/tag/2.2.0), these boards are no longer supported. Update is still supported via the legacy IDE. See [this tutorial](/tutorials/mkr-1000-wifi/firmware-updater) for more information.

```
